Remitly Netherlands Privacy Policy
RemitlyDestination countryEnglishEnglishEspañolবাংলাDeutschFrançaisहिन्दीItaliano日本語한국어NederlandsPolskiPortuguêsRomânăไทยTagalogTürkçeTiếng Việt中文Rates & feesProvidersHelpLog inSign upRemitlyDestination countryEnglishEnglishEspañolবাংলাDeutschFrançaisहिन्दीItaliano日本語한국어NederlandsPolskiPortuguêsRomânăไทยTagalogTürkçeTiếng Việt中文Rates & feesProvidersHelpLog inSign up
Print and/or download PDFPRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: 09/11/2023
PRIVACY POLICY
ABOUT THIS POLICY
WHO ARE WE?
WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT?
HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
HOW DO WE USE OR PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH?
DO WE MAKE AUTOMATED DECISIONS ABOUT YOU?
WHAT ARE MY PRIVACY RIGHTS?
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA?
TRANSFERRING PERSONAL DATA OUTSIDE THE EEA OR UK
HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN YOUR DATA?
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
REFERRAL PROGRAM PRIVACY NOTICE
CHILDREN
PRIVACY POLICY TRANSLATION
CONTACT & COMPLAINTS
OUR RELATIONSHIP WITH YOU
WHAT IS OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
ABOUT THIS POLICY
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") applies to the websites located atremitly.com, the Remitly mobile applications and through any otherprograms (including Remitly Research programs), websites, orapplications owned and operated by Remitly that direct you to thisPolicy.
This Policy, together with our UserAgreement (and anyadditional terms of use mentioned in our User Agreement) applies to youruse of our Services.
Where we use other capitalised words and phrases in this Policy (such asAgreement, Profile, Services and Transaction), these have the samemeaning as given to them in our UserAgreement, unlesswe have defined them differently in this Policy.
WHO ARE WE?
Any personal data provided to or gathered by our Services is controlledby the applicable Remitly affiliate based upon your country ofresidence. See the table in the "Our Relationship with You" section ofthis Policy to determine which entity controls the collection and use ofyour personal data.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT?
The personal data that we collect from you depends on how you interactwith us and our products and services. When we say "personal data" or"personal information" we mean any information related to anidentified or identifiable natural person. The following are thecategories and specific types of personal data or information we maycollect:
Basic Identifying Information: Including your full name (includingaliases), postal address, e-mail address, phone number, date of birth,gender, occupation and employer, username or social media handle, orother similar identifiers (including a customer ID auto generated by usto identify you in our systems).
Customer Support Information: Information you give to us when youcontact customer services or our offices including call recordings (suchas when we record customer service calls for quality assurance).
Government Issued Identification or Records: Including your driver'slicense, state or country government issued identification card (such asa passport, driver's license, military or immigration identity cards orvisas, national identification cards), as well as a picture or recordingof yourself with your identification documentation, records of proof ofaddress (e.g., utility bill, loan or mortgage statement), or evidence ofhow you will fund your Transaction (e.g., bank statement or pay slip).
Marketing & Communications Information: Including your preferences toreceive marketing from us and our third parties, communicationpreferences, and information we lawfully receive from market research,advertising networks, or analytics providers.
Payment Information: Including your financial or payment instrumentdetails (either debit/credit card) or bank account details.
Promotions & Competitions Information: Including your name and emailaddress and certain other personal information that you may be asked toprovide to participate in promotions or competitions.
Recipient Information: Including your recipient's full name, postaladdress, phone number, depending on the disbursement method selectedcertain financial institution or financial account details such as bankaccount or mobile wallet account. If there is a dispute about whethermoney has been received by your recipient, we may ask you for additionalinformation so we can verify their identity with the financialinstitution.
Referral Information: Information you give us about your friend suchas name and email address to tell them about our services.
Sensitive Personal Data: Including biometric data, mainly face scaninformation from photos and videos you provide for identity verificationpurposes and monitoring login activity and your interactions with oursite to protect your account and identify suspicious or fraudulentactivity.
Survey & Feedback Information: Including information such as yourname, email address or other contact information, responses to surveys,reviews, feedback, testimonials and certain other personal informationthat you may be asked to provide (this includes our #WhyISend survey).
Technical Information: Including the hardware and software you use toaccess our Services, network information, internet service provider,operating system, the type of browser you use, unique device identifier(e.g. your device's IMEI number, MAC address, or mobile number), IPaddress, other similar unique identifiers, your current location (usingGPS technology, which some of our location enabled Services require yourpersonal data for this to work).
Transaction Information: Including your transaction history/logs(including a unique Transaction reference number), transaction receipts,purpose of transfers, relationship with the recipient, your averagetransaction amount, how often you intend to use our Services, if youintend to send to multiple recipients, and referral rewards.
Usage Information: Including information on your interactions with ourServices or Sites or browsing or search activity.
HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We collect personal data about you from various sources. For example, wecollect and obtain information:
Directly from you
We collect personal data you provide, such as when you use our Service,create a profile, contact us (including via chat), respond to a survey,interact with us at events, participate in a sweepstakes, contest, orother similar campaign or promotion (including WhyISend), respond to asurvey, post a review, or sign up to receive emails, text messages,and/or postal mailings.
Using cookies and other automatic data collection technologies
When you visit our websites, use our app, open or click on emails wesend you, or interact with our advertisements, we or third parties wework with automatically collect certain information using technologiessuch as cookies, web beacons, clear GIF, pixels, internet tags, webserver logs, and other data collection tools. For more information,please see our Cookie Policy.
From Other Sources
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as dataanalytics providers, marketing or advertising service providers, socialmedia platforms or networks, fraud prevention or identity verificationservice providers, electronic databases, credit reporting agencies,vendors that provide services on our behalf, or publicly availablesources.
HOW DO WE USE OR PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Dependingon the country in which you are in, we rely on the following legal basesto process your personal data:
COMPLY WITH LEGAL OBLIGATIONS
We use personal data to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations,to establish or exercise our rights, and to defend against a legalclaim.
Security and Fraud Prevention
We use personal data to detect, investigate, prevent, or take actionregarding possible malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegalactivity, including fraudulent transactions, attempts to manipulate orviolate our policies, procedures, and terms and conditions, securityincidents, and harm to the rights, property, or safety of Remitly andour users, customers, employees, or others.
Comply with Applicable Laws
We use your personal data to comply with applicable laws andregulations, such as those relating to "know-your-customer,"anti-money laundering requirements, sanctions legislation, and thevarious associated regulatory rules and guidance in relation to riskinvestigation, risk scoring, fraud, counter terrorist financing,anti-money laundering, consumer protection and complaint handling.
TO PERFORM A CONTRACT
To Provide Our Services
We use your personal data when you access or use our Services, includingto process your Transaction(s), maintain and manage your account,deliver/fulfill promotional offers or rewards (including our referralprogram), process payments.
Communicating With You
We use your personal data to communicate with you, such as to respond toand/or follow-up on your requests, inquiries, issues or feedback, and toprovide customer service.
CONSENT OR LEGITIMATE INTEREST
Marketing and Promotional Purposes
We use personal data for marketing and promotional purposes, such as tosend marketing, advertising, and promotional communications by email,text message or postal mail; to show you advertisements for productsand/or services tailored to your interests on social media and otherwebsites; and to administer our new customer promotions, sweepstakes,contests, and other similar promotions.
Analytics and Personalization
We use personal data to conduct research and analytics, including toimprove our services and product offerings; to understand how youinteract with our websites, mobile apps, advertisements, andcommunications with you to improve our websites, app, and marketingcampaigns (business and marketing analytics); to personalize yourexperience, to save you time when you visit our websites and app, and tocustomize the marketing and advertising that we show you; to understandhow you use our app and website.
Other Business or Commercial Purposes
At your direction or with your consent, we may process certain personaldata to fulfill any other business or commercial purposes.
For additional information on our legal bases for processing yourpersonal data, please see the section below entitled, "What is our LegalBasis for Processing your Personal Data?".
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH?
In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in thisprivacy policy, we disclose personal data in the followingcircumstances:
Corporate Affiliates
We may share personal data with our corporate affiliates, including ourparent company, affiliates and subsidiaries. Such corporate affiliatesprocess personal data on our behalf to provide services or in othercircumstances with your consent or as permitted or required by law.
Service Providers
We share certain personal data with third parties that perform servicesto support our core business functions and internal operations. Thisincludes banks, disbursement providers, or other financial institutionscompleting your transfer or other financial service request (includingpayment processors), identity verification or KYC service providers,third parties that provide software and tools to send postal mail,e-mails and text messages, or analyze customer data, provide marketingassistance, administer our reviews, investigating fraudulent activity,conducting customer surveys, and outsourced customer service providers.
Third Party Partners
We may share your personal data with third parties that we havepartnered with to jointly create and offer a product, service, or jointpromotion. We may also share your personal data with our banking ordistribution partners in the event we suspect you are violating ourterms or engaging in fraudulent behavior as it relates to our business.Their use of your information is not governed by this privacy policy,but by their own respective privacy policies.
Social Media Platforms and Networks
Some of our websites have features such as, plugins, widgets, or othertools made available by third parties that may result in informationbeing collected or shared between us and the third party. For example,if you use our referral feature to refer persons via WhatsApp, Facebook,email, or SMS. Their use of your information is not governed by thisprivacy policy.
Business Transactions
If we become involved with a merger, corporate transaction or anothersituation involving the transfer of some or all of our business assets,we may share your information with business entities or people involvedin the negotiation or transfer.
Legal Process
We may disclose personal data in response to subpoenas, warrants, courtorders, government inquiries or investigations, or to comply withrelevant laws and regulations. We may also disclose information toestablish, exercise, or protect our rights or the rights of others; todefend against a legal claim; to protect the safety and security of ourvisitors; to detect and protect against fraud; and to take actionregarding possible illegal activities or violations of our policies.
Other Instances
We may ask if you would like us to share your information with otherthird parties who are not described elsewhere in this Policy.
WHY DO WE PROCESS SENSITIVE PERSONAL DATA?
We may ask you to specifically consent to the collection, use andstorage of your biometric data during the verification process, whereprivacy regulations require it in your jurisdiction. If you do notconsent, we offer alternate methods to verify your identity which maytake longer. We will not disclose or share any biometric data to anyoneother than our identity verification providers, or when required byapplicable laws and regulations, or pursuant to a valid order from acourt.
DO WE MAKE AUTOMATED DECISIONS ABOUT YOU?
We use automated processes to check that your access to our services andyour use of our services meet our required standard, including verifyingyour identity, and to help prevent fraud or other illegal activities.These processes may make an automated decision to reject your proposedtransaction, to block a suspicious attempt to login to your account, orto close your account. If you feel that an automated process may haveimpacted you, please contact our Privacy team atDPO@Remitly.com.
WHAT ARE MY PRIVACY RIGHTS?
Our customers in certain regions of the world have specific data privacyrights based upon the applicable privacy legislation (including but notlimited to the laws of Europe or UK). We strive to implement the bestprivacy practices as a standard for all our customers.
Access Your Data & Data Portability
You may request that we provide you a copy of your personal data held byus. This information will be provided without undue delay subject tocertain exceptions or limitations, including if such provision adverselyaffects the rights and freedoms of others.
Correct Your Data / Data Rectification
You have the right to request that we update and correct inaccuracies toyour personal data. You can update certain information related to youraccount by logging into your account on our site or app, as applicableor otherwise contacting us as described in the Exercising Your PrivacyRights section below.
Data Deletion/Erasure
You may request to erase your personal data, subject to applicable law.If you close your account, we will mark your account in our database as"Closed," but will keep certain account information for a period oftime as described below. This is necessary to deter fraud, by ensuringthat persons who try to commit fraud will not be able to avoid detectionsimply by closing their account and opening a new account, and to complywith our legal obligations. However, if you close your account, yourpersonal data will not be used by us for any further purposes, norshared with third parties, except as necessary to prevent fraud andassist law enforcement, as required by law, or in accordance with thisPolicy.
Restrict Processing of Data Requests
You have the right to request to restrict or object to us processing ortransferring your personal data under certain circumstances. You mayobject to any processing based on the legitimate interests ground whenthere is something about your particular situation where you feelprocessing on this ground impacts your fundamental rights and freedoms.
Unsubscribe from Direct Marketing
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal informationfor marketing purposes. You can exercise this right simply at any timeby carrying out 'unsubscribe' actions which are made available to you(such as clicking on the 'unsubscribe' link in each promotional email wesend you). We will honor your choice and refrain from sending you suchcommunications. Please note that if you ask us not to contact you byemail at a certain email address, we will retain a copy of that emailaddress on a "suppression list" in order to comply with your no-contactrequest. You are free to change your marketing choices at any time.
You may also control how we use some of your personal data as part ofour Services (such as how we may communicate with you) by confirmingyour preferences in your Profile. Please note that not allcommunications can be switched off -- for example, we may be required tosend you email notices about our Services to comply with our legalobligations under the national laws and regulatory guidance.
Automated Individual Decision-Making, Including Profiling
In some jurisdictions, you have the right not to be subject to adecision based solely on automated processing of your personal data,including profiling, which produces legal or similarly significanteffects on you, save for the exceptions applicable under relevant dataprotection laws. We may reject your request, as permitted by applicablelaw, including when providing the information would result in adisclosure of a trade secret or would interfere with the prevention ordetection of fraud or other crime. However, generally in thesecircumstances we will verify that the algorithm and source data arefunctioning as anticipated without error or bias or if required by lawto adjust the processing.
Withdraw Your Consent
You have the right to withdraw your consent for us to process data,where our lawful basis for processing is based on that consent. Notethat withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processingwhich may have taken place prior to withdrawal of consent. If youwithdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products orservices to you.
Exercising Your Privacy Rights
To exercise any of the above privacy rights, please submit a requestthrough one of the following methods:
Sending us an email at datasubjectrequest@remitly.com;
or
Contacting us via Chat or Phone.
Identity Verification
For us to process some requests, we will need to verify your identity toconfirm that the request came from you. We may contact you by phone ore-mail to verify your request.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA?
We employ industry accepted standards in protecting the information yousubmit to us. We have put in place SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryptiontechnology to protect your sensitive information such as bank accountnumber, credit card number, date of birth and government identificationnumber, transmitted through our Site and/or our App. We also require theuse of security credentials (which may, for example, include a usernameand password) from each user who wants to access their information onour Site and/or our App.
Where we have given you (or you have chosen) security credentials (suchas a password) that enable you to access certain parts of our Service,you are responsible for keeping these details confidential and secure.Moreover, if you allow access to our Services via using your fingerprinton your Device (for example, via Apple Touch ID), then you should notallow any other person to register their fingerprint on that Device asit may allow them access to our Services and you could be heldresponsible for their actions. However, no method of transmission overthe Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security and anytransmission of personal information is at your own risk. If you haveany questions about security, you can contact us atprivacy@remitly.com.
TRANSFERRING PERSONAL DATA OUTSIDE THE EEA OR UK
We share your personal data within the Remitly group and to externalthird parties (the categories of which are referred to in this Policy).This may involve transferring your personal data outside the UK or EU.Whenever we transfer your personal data outside the EU or UK, we willensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it. In someinstances, your personal information may be transferred to countriesthat have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection forpersonal data by the European Commission.In other instances, we will ensure at least one of the lawful safeguardsare implemented, which may include the use of specific contractsapproved by (as applicable) the UK Government and/or European Commission,which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe.
HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN YOUR DATA?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary tofulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes ofsatisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements. To determinethe appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider thefollowing based upon your country of residence (amongst other things):
obligations and/or retention periods imposed on us by applicable laws and/or our regulators
the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data
the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, and
the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means.
As a regulated financial institution, we are required by law to storesome of your personal and transactional data beyond the closure of youraccount with us. Please note that by using our Services you expresslyagree to us retaining your personal data (including data related to yourTransactions and our collection and verification of your identity) forat least 7 years following the end of your legal relationship with us.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may amend this Policy at any time, and whenever we do so we willnotify you by posting a revised version on our Site and App. Pleasereview this Policy each time you make a Transaction as it may have beenupdated since you initially registered for our Services, or since yourlast Transaction.
If you do not agree with any of this Policy, or any change, you can endyour Agreement with us and close your Profile by emailing us atdatasubjectrequest@remitly.com or otherwise contacting us.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
Parts of our Service use Google Maps services, including the Google MapsAPI(s). Use of these features is subject to the Google Maps Additional Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. By using this Site and the Service you also agree to the Google Terms (as amended from time to time).
Our Site and App includes links to other websites whose privacypractices may differ from those of Remitly. For example, in order toverify your identity, Remitly uses the services of Onfido. Onfido willcheck if your identity documents are valid, and also confirm that yourphoto matches the photo on the documents. The results of the check willthen be shared with Remitly. Your photo and ID documents will be sharedwith Onfido for this purpose as well as to allow Onfido to maintain,protect and improve its services. A copy of Onfido's privacy policy canbe found here. We also create information based on our analysis of the information we havecollected from you.
If you submit personal information to any of those websites, yourinformation is governed by their privacy policies and we do not acceptany responsibility or liability for these policies or for any personalinformation which may be collected and processed via those websites orservices (such as contact and location data). We encourage you tocarefully read the privacy policy of any website or software applicationyou use or visit.
This Policy does not cover the practices of third parties that you mayengage with when using the Services, such as your mobile networkoperator or other users of our Services. You should contact them abouttheir privacy policy before providing them with any personalinformation.
REFERRAL PROGRAM PRIVACY NOTICE
Using our referral service via e-mail to tell a friend about ourServices, you will need to provide your friend's name and emailaddress. Before providing us access to any other person's details, youmust obtain their prior consent to you sharing their personal data withus and we will let them know that you have supplied their details to us.
Where you have:
imported your contacts, at your instruction, we will send an emailinvite and at most one reminder email inviting him or her to visit our Site. We store this information for the sole purpose of sending this email; and/or
referred a friend to us, we will automatically send your friend an email and at most one reminder email inviting him or her to visit our Site. We store this information for the sole purpose of sending this email and tracking the success of your referral.
In both cases, your contact/friend may at any time REQUEST TO REMOVEthis information from our database and we will honour such request. Wewill retain a copy of that email address on a "suppression list" inorder to comply with their no-contact request. They are free to changetheir marketing choices at any time.
CHILDREN
We ask that persons under the age of 18 (which we treat as children andminors) refrain from using our Services or submitting any personalinformation to us. Persons under the age of 18 years are not eligible touse our Services and if we discover that someone under the age of 18 hasregistered a Profile with us, we will close it.
PRIVACY POLICY TRANSLATION
This Policy is drafted in the English language and translations may beprovided in other languages. You agree that the English version of thePolicy will control in the event of any inconsistency between theEnglish and translated versions in any dispute related to this Policy.
CONTACT AND COMPLAINTS
If you have any questions, comments, or requests regarding our privacypolicy, you may reach out to privacy@remitly.com.
If you feel that we have not addressed your questions or concernsadequately, or you believe that your data protection or privacy rightshave been infringed, you can complain to any supervisory authority orother public body with responsibility for enforcing privacy laws, aslisted in the section entitled "Our Relationship with You" section.
OUR RELATIONSHIP WITH YOU
Remitly Entity
Registered Address
Data Protection Authority
Data Protection Officer (DPO)
For EEA residents
Remitly Europe Ltd
7TH FLOOR PENROSE TWO, PENROSE DOCK, CORK, IRELAND, T23 YY09
Data Protection Commission (DPC)
DPO@remitly.com
For UK residents
Remitly U.K. Ltd
90 WHITFIELD STREET, LONDON W1T 4EZ, UNITED KINGDOM
Information Commissioner's Office (ICO)
DPO@remitly.com
WHAT IS OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Types of Personal Data
Our Lawful Basis for Processing
Basic Identifying Information
To comply with our legal obligations. If you do not provide this information, you will not be able to make any Transactions. Performance of a contract with you, namely our User Agreement. Necessary for our or a third parties legitimate interests including to: - 1. Collect payment for your use of our Services; - 2. Troubleshoot issues with your account or our Services;- 3. Carry out data, trend, and financial analysis, testing, and Service tracking;- 4. Respond to, handle, and process queries, requests, complaints, applications, and the like; - 5. Seek customer feedback on, and help us to, track, improve, personalize, and develop, our Services, content, and advertising; - 6. Monitor and train our customer service and associated teams;
- 7. Give you rewards or incentives for using or recommending our Services;- 8. Conduct business and marketing analytics; - 9. Grow our business and inform our marketing strategy and advertising campaigns; - 10. Collect information that will enable us to understand why and how you interact with us and our Services;
- 11. Work with our third party partners so that we and/or they can offer, provide and/or track rewards, incentives and/or the performance of campaigns;
- 12. Send you service updates and promotional offers;
- 13. Market our Services to you, or conduct market research (provided your marketing and communication preferences in your Profile allow us to do this); and,
- 14. Exercise legal rights and/or defend claims.
Customer Support Information
To comply with our legal obligations.
Necessary for one or more of the legitimate interests set out in “Basic Identifying Information” above. Performance of a contract with you, namely our User Agreement.
Government Issued Identification or Records
To comply with our legal obligations. Performance of a contract with you, namely our User Agreement.
Necessary for one or more of the legitimate interests set out in “Basic Identifying Information” above.
Marketing & Communications Information
Necessary for one or more of the legitimate interests set out in “Basic Identifying Information” above.
Payment Information
To comply with our legal obligations.
Necessary for one or more of the legitimate interests namely to collect payment for your use of our Services.
Promotions & Competitions Information
Performance of a contract with you.
Recipient Information
Performance of a contract with you, namely our User Agreement.
To comply with our legal obligations.
Referral Information
Necessary for one or more of the legitimate interests (namely to market our services to them).
Sensitive Personal Data
To comply with our legal obligations.
It is also necessary for reasons of substantial public interest (namely preventing or detecting unlawful acts, regulatory requirements relating to unlawful acts and dishonesty and suspicion of terrorist financing or money laundering).
Where data protection laws only permit us to process biometric data with your consent, we will seek your consent prior to processing.
Survey & Feedback Information
Necessary for one or more of the legitimate interests set out in “Basic Identifying Information” above.
WhyISend Campaign: Consent.
Technical Information
To comply with our legal obligations.
Necessary for one or more of the legitimate interests set out in “Basic Identifying Information” above.
Transaction Information
To comply with our legal obligations.
Necessary for one or more of the legitimate interests set out in “Basic Identifying Information” above.
Usage Information
Necessary for one or more of the legitimate interests set out in “Basic Identifying Information” above.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service
CompanyAboutBlogNewsroomPressCareersInvestorsBecome an affiliateProductRates & feesSecurityReviewsPartnersSwift codesLog inSign upRefer friendsSupportHelpConnectUser AgreementPrivacy Help CenterPrivacy PolicySupplier Privacy PolicyScan the code with your phone to get the appUser AgreementPrivacy Help CenterPrivacy PolicySupplier Privacy Policy©2012 - 2024 Remitly, Inc. All rights reservedRemitly Europe Limited, trading as Remitly, is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland. Remitly is registered in Ireland under company number 629909. Registered address: 7th Floor, Penrose Two, Penrose Dock, Cork, Ireland. T23 YY09.